Updates for golden image heterogenous cluster support (#99811)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-add-custom-golden-image-heterogeneous-cluster.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * virt/virtual_machines/advanced_vm_management/virt-creating-vms-from-rh-images-overview.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE 
[id="virt-add-custom-golden-image-heterogeneous-cluster_{context}"]

= Adding a custom golden image in a heterogeneous cluster

:FeatureName: Golden image support for heterogeneous clusters
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[]

> Adding a custom golden image in a heterogeneous cluster requires the use of the `ssp.kubevirt.io/dict.architectures` annotation in the `annotations` section of the `DataImportCronTemplate` object. This annotation lists the architectures supported by the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a custom golden image in a heterogeneous cluster by setting the `ssp.kubevirt.io/dict.architectures` annotation in the `spec.dataImportCronTemplates.metadata.annotations` stanza of the `HyperConverged` custom resource (CR). This annotation lists the architectures supported by the image.
```

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the {oc-first}.

.Procedure

. Open the `HyperConverged` CR in your default editor by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal,subs="attributes+"]
----
$ oc edit hyperconverged kubevirt-hyperconverged -n {CNVNamespace}
----

. Edit the `HyperConverged` CR, to add the custom golden image. You must add the appropriate values for `ssp.kubevirt.io/dict.architectures` annotation in the `dataImportCronTemplates` section. For example:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: hco.kubevirt.io/v1beta1
kind: HyperConverged
metadata:
  name: kubevirt-hyperconverged
spec:
  dataImportCronTemplates:
  - metadata:
      name: custom-image1
      annotations:
        ssp.kubevirt.io/dict.architectures: "<architecture_list>" <1>
    spec:
      schedule: "0 */12 * * *"
      template:
        spec:
          source:
            registry:
              url: docker://myprivateregistry/custom1
      managedDataSource: custom1
      retentionPolicy: "All" 

> ----

Reviewer: Add a `# ...`  after line 50

> <1> The comma-separated list of supported architectures for this image. For example, if the image supported `amd64` and `arm64` architectures the value would be `"amd64,arm64"`.

Author: Fixed. Thank you!

+
[NOTE]
====
An image may support more architectures than you want to use in your cluster. You do not have to list all of the architectures an image supports, only those for which you want to create a boot source.
====

> . Save and exit the editor to update the HCO object.

Author: Fixed. Thank you!
